attending:
- MI,MP,CC (aka, the writing team)

# diagram updates

morph:Paradigm => morph:InflectionClass
morph:paradigm => morph:inflectionClass
morph:InflectionType => morph:InflectionSlot
morph:inflectionType => morph:inflectionSlot

morph:grammaticalMeaning holds (also) between morph:InflectionSlot and morph:GrammaticalMeaning

Keep morph:replacement with anyURI in the vocabulary, drop morph:Replacement. 

# additional notes

Finite State Morphology is beyond Morph (but could be a superclass of morph:InflectionSlot)

Chiarcos et al. (2020) showed how the sequence of states in finite state morphology can be modelled using morph:InflectionSlot and the morph:next property. In the current OntoLex-Morph specification, this functionality is not foreseen because finite state automata are more general than linguistic morphology and should be dealt with in a designated vocabulary. However, once such a vocabulary is proposed, morph:InflectionSlot could be interpreted as a subclass of finite states in this vocabulary.

Note that different formalisms can be used to implement morph:Replacement. As an example, Ionov and Rosner (2023) used regular expression replacements. The exact definition of morph:Replacement is, however, broader and relevant beyond morphology, so that it should be dealt with in a designated vocabulary. 

- Keep morph:replacement with anyURI in the vocabulary, drop morph:Replacement. 
- Non-normative example using xyz:Replacement with xyz:source and xyz:target.

# timeline

- adding Matteo as co-editor
- Matteo (June, maybe July, not August, again Sep)
	- small examples for each section (we can help with RDF modelling)
	- working directly on github? keep structure, work on text and examples as input to Max
- Max: (starting end of June)
	- would re-write completely, copying and pasting from scratch
	- end of June: draft outline by Max
	- early July: call on outline (to be set up by Max)
	- then call an division of parts / populate by copying and pasting
- Christian: (upon request)
	- focus on FrAC, provide feedback on overall coherence

# current document structure [to be improved upon]

	    Purpose and Scope
	    Morphological Segments	[static part]
	        morph:Morph
	        morph:GrammaticalMeaning
	        morph:morphophonologicalRelation
	        morph:baseForm
	    Morphological Rules 	[dynamic part]
	        morph:example
	        morph:Replacement
	    Word Formation
	        morph:WordFormationRule
	        morph:WordFormationRelation
	    Inflection
	        morph:Paradigm
	        morph:InflectionType
	        morph:InflectionRule
	        morph:baseType

